
1. Data aquisition:

	The sensors used to record motion are gyroscope and accelerometer. These sensor are
	included in all modern smartphone. All you need is an app to record data on your 
	phone.

Smartphone app:

	The first step is to download the "Sensor Logger" (free) application on your smartphone.
	
	The recommended setting on the app are the following : 
	-In "recording mechanism" section: switch on " Confirm before ending".
	-In "Keep awake" section: select "On & Dim" option.
	-In "Sampling frequencies" section: "For accelerometer, gravity..." select "Sample as
	 frequently as possible".

	Before starting the recording make sure the sensors "Accelerometer", "Gravity" and 
	"Gyroscope" switches are on. You don't need any of the other sensor.

Start recording:

	You can then click on the "Start recording" button to get all the data during the tests.

Phone location:
	
	Ideally the phone should be stucked to the sacrum. It's orientation doesn't matter as long
	it doesn't change during the test (the algorithm will comtute automatic calibration). In practice, a centered back pocket or a running belt will do the trick to keep your phone stable.
	YOu can use traditional back pocket but results may be less accurate.

Make the power test:
	
	Once the app is recording and the phone is well placed, begin the test as described in the
	protocols. Before the first pull, it is very important to hang motionless for two seconds.
	Make sure to end the recording after each test protocol. (Don't make two tests 
	in a single recording).

Export and get data:

	In the "recordings" section of the app, you can export your data.You can check that the recording was succeful by looking at the data. It can happen that the recording fails if the phone screen locked itself during the test.
	 Send it by email (keep the 
	"CSV in Zip File" option). Once you get your data on your laptop, unzip the directory and 
	select it with the "Select directory" button of the Power Lab app.

Settings:

	If you want to use others apps or proffessionnal IMU units, yo have to change the data settings the app:
	1 build a directory containing both of your accelerometer data and gyroscope data in .csv format
	2 set the name of the .csv files containing accelerometer and gyroscope data.
	3 set the name of the header of the column of the .csv files. Your have four header names for each files.
	One for each direction x, y and z and one for the time.
	Timestamp  format accepeted is in seconds or nanseconds.
	Ignore "" character if in csv file and pay attention to spaces and majuscule

	


