2. Testing protocols

For each test:
	
	Starting position is a motionless position, hanging at full elbow extension from jug
	holds or a bar. Before the first pull-up, it is important to hang with minimal motion for
	2 seconds.

Peak power test protocol:

	Perform an explosive pull-up and release both hands to slap the wall above you as high as you can.
	Focus on the ascent phase.
	You are allowed to use legs and hips and a small swing as you are used to do in your training.
	If you want to repeat the test, make sure to get enough rest (at least 3 min).
	If you are not able to release your hands from the holds,try to pusue your movement as high as possible
	without stoping once your chin is at the level your handholds.
	If you can't make a complete pull-up, you can use the help of a rubber band to pull you up. But make sure
	to keep this help in mind when you interpret the results.

	The first score of the test is your peak power capacity.
	The second of the test is based on the maximum height you can reach with both of your
	hand.

Power endurance test protocol:

	Each repetition is an explosive pull-up at maximum effort. Focus your power on the 
	rising phase,the descent phase can be slow but have to be complete (until full elbow
	extension).

	After each repetition, rest for 2 seconds, grab the bar and hang still for 1 second
	then proceed to the next repetition.

	Once you can't put your chin over the bar anymore, you are done.

	score: mean power end/mean power start
	plot: power/power max
	plateau critical power ? total work up plateau W'
	w' effort which has a time limit, tank of energy limited in time
	vbar_stack in bokeh


Endurance test protocol:
	Max pullup full amplitude no time limit 
	
	score: nb pull up
	total work stacked bar
	power curve
	high number of pullup with low work is good
	measure of efficiency two athletes with same total work, better is the one with more pullup
	?eneregtic efficiency minimum work = mgh efficency = pulling on rep work/mgh
	mean power during the rep. rep until dmax
	

  

