3. Score interpretation 

Peak power shows your ability to deliver a certain amount of energy over time.
A high peak power is obtained if your muscle can generate a lot of energy during a small time interval.
Peak power can also be seen as the optimum point between velocity and force production.

 Muscle can counter a high resistance with low velocity motion or generate high velocity motion with a low resistance resistance.
And there is a point between these two cases where the muscle are able to release energy very efficiently.
This point is approximatively at mid max force and mid max velocity motion. In other word, paek power measure
a combination of velocity and force capacity of an athlete in a single score. This score can be improved by increasing
velocity capacities, strenght capactites or both.

Mean power is directly related to the height the athlete can reach. 


First metrics is the worked you produced through the whole test. this represent the whole tank of energy you 
lost doing the test. When this tank is empty, you can't pull your weight up anymore. Having a big tank is a
important metric of performance.

This energy expenditure is divided between each of your rep. For each rep, the lost energy  is proportional to your maximum
displacement (Energy by rep = gravity(9.81)*max_displacment).
The total energy tank can be seen as the energy to put you weight up in a distance equals to the sum of each pulling vertical displacment.

Now that you know what is your energy tank. You have to know how you used it during your pull up.
let's say you still have enough energy in your tank to finish a pull-up.
The variation of the energy you spend over time is called power.
It can be seen as how fast you can empty your tank of energy.
If your tank have large neck,you will be able to empty it very quick. If you have a small one,
very slowly. Power can be seen as the size of the neck of your tank.
In both cases, your reservoir will empty by the same amount at the end 
of the pull-up, but one make it slowly, and the other quickly.

In a same way powerful climber will be able to execute a pull up faster than less powerful ones.
This is why explosive pull-up or fast motion in general require high power. In climbing, an examlbe of thi is dyno.
Goal is to create max velocity during pulling phase from rested position
to the moment you leave the wall. The more power, the more energy you will be able to spend when you are on the the wall, 
the higher you get.



The metrics that reflects your capacity to spend energy quickly are peak power and mean_power during pull up.
Peak p

Once your are fatigue, this capacity to empty your tank quickly will decrease. Power endurance


